Now it's time to add some formatting to the paragraph
content that you added earlier.
Let's align the title, format the title text to make it stand out, and
format the web and email address hyperlinks. For this,
you will be using these classes and methods.
XWPFParagraph class has a method setAlignment to align paragraphs as required.
The XWPFRun class,
has a method setText to add text to a region or a section; setBold and
setItalic methods to make the text bold and italic; the setColor and
setUnderline methods to color text and underline text, respectively; and
the setFontFamily method to set the font name.
You'll see them in action in the demo.
First,
let's align the title to be center‑lined. In the generateQuotation method,
call the setAlignment method on the title paragraph like this. It accepts a
constant from the enum, ParagraphAlignment.
Let's also format the title text to be Bold, font to be Arial, and the
FontSize to be 20. Notice the methods that you saw earlier now in
action here. Now to format the hyperlinks,
go to the addCompanyDetails method and to the place where we
created the hyperlinks. To set the color of the link text to
blue, call the setColor method on the Run object, passing in
the hex string of the color.
Then this line of code underlines the hyperlink text.
To it, pass in a constant value, for example,
SINGLE, available in the enum UnderLinePatterns.
You can follow the same steps to format the web hyperlink text as well. Now,
save the changes and run the application.
You should see the title text and the email and web links formatted and aligned like this.